land wellas you have slaughtered my
minions and defiled my sanctuary now you
will be drowned by the wrath of the
tides you'll have no more sacrifices
today which go back to the depths where
you belong very well your choice is made
at last we've reached our landing site
warchief while you are gone the nearby
volcano erupted this entire island has
begun to sink how long to repair the
ship's the repairs are nearly done
warchief then finish them quickly we're
about to have company
soon this land will be consumed by the
tithes yes at last the N draws near your
deaths are only the beginning soon all
land dwellers will be entombed in a
watery grave organized by warriors our
freedom is at hand your which cannot
protect you now
sale on land dwellers flee the dark tide
is coming to swallow you all and what is
it begins there will be nowhere to hide
I don't know exactly what the witch was
talking about but I do know that our
destiny lies elsewhere for now we set
sail for calendar that is where our
future will unfold